My dear father. My brave father.
You once said people are mortal.
My breaths are numbered now.
I worked truly hard.
To take your inheritance
and gift forward.
We own many castles and realms.
Your armies are at
the gates of Bursa.
The city is about to fall.
The sacred fire you
started will be the hope...
of the Islam world
for centuries. InshaAllah.
Selamun aleykum. Osman Bey.
Aleykum selam.
-May your day be blessed.
-Be my guest.
-It's time. huh?
-Brave man. Osman Bey.
Your father spread the seeds of the
state and you grew it into a sapling.
Orhan Bey. InshaAllah. will turn
the sapling into a great plane tree.
Orhan. the apple of my eyes.
The wise men say that
a son is a father's secret.
We ask you. Osman Bey. to point out who
the new bey will be while you are alive.
Kill the fire of unrest
before it even starts.
Otherwise. the last hope of the Islam
world and the Turkic world might be wasted.
If Kayi! people have to deal with
the unrest. hypocrisy and betrayal.
we can't stand this.
We ask you to give Orhan
Bey the seal of beylic.
Flavius
Before you even take a step. Orhan
Bey knows what steps you will take.
He also knew you
were coming here.
We will bury you
inside that tunnel now.
Just keep running.
My Osman.
When this chair. which swallows whoever can't carry
the burden of thousand-year-old dream became my fate.
my challenge started. Malhun.
I thought the hardest
part was carrying it.
You carried without
even stumbling.
And you will keep carrying.
And it has turned out that...
my biggest challenge is to
choose who deserves the chair.
All those dreams and what
happened were because of this.
However. it's time.
I'm assembling
the council today.
I'm handing over the
chair to the new owner.
I swear..
I swear Orhan won't reach any of
his goals as long as I keep breathing.
I swear. Didar.
He insulted my
duty. army and beylic!
I will insult him!
What about Alaeddin?
He accepted being his brother s
shadow and betrayed me.
I will show no
mercy for him either!
You will see what
I'm going to do. Didar!
I won't let them
waste the state!
Never!
Do I have permission. my Bey?
Come in.
Father.
Alaeddin Bey
wants to talk to you.
Come in. Alaeddin Bey.
Selamun aleykum.
Aleykum selam.
Sahinshah Bey
I am here to tell you that no matter
what happens. you are an uncle to me.
There is no need for such
destruction. right. Sahinshah Bey?
I am not the one who
destroys. Alaeddin Bey.
You were the one who
destroyed me before my Alps.
You were more than a
nephew to me. you were my son.
I did what I had to
do. I would do it again
But I know you understand me.
I understand you.
I have always understood you.
I thought you d
understand me as well...
but you let me down.
Father...
Even if the paths are parted.
don't we all share the same dream?
Dont...
Osman Bey is
gathering the council!
He is waiting for all
the Beys In his tent!
Did you know about this council?
We'll find out when we go there.
Sahinshah Bey.
I want you to leave
this resentment aside...
and stand by our
side like you always do.
Sahinshah Bey...
EyvAllah now.
Hay MashaAllah.
You want to become Alps. huh?
First. you n ed to learn how
to fight without your swords.
Bravery is fighting
alone against twenty men.
An Alp's fist becomes a sword
and his foot becomes a spear.
An Alp proves himself not in
hard times. but in impossible ones.
What are you waiting for?
Let's see if you deserve it.
Come on. attack!
In war. victory does not come
from having many soldiers.
In war. victory
comes from the heart!
We are close.
We will train hard.
but we are close.
Those who do not train enough
will find themselves in a grave soon.
Selamun aleykum. -Aleykum selam.
I brought news from Orhan
Bey. AbdurRahman Alp.
Here.
Kayi's brave men...
What would you say if I told you
the path of war is ahead of us?
We are either
martyrs or veterans!
Orhan Bey ordered
us to conquer Yarhisar.
War is bairam. war
is celebration for us!
-Will you fight with us?
-We will!
Then dark steel
will shed dark blood!
Kayis will take what
belongs to Kayis!
Allah is the Greatest!
Since when do you
have these symptoms?
It's new... very new.
What is wrong with me?
Why are you silent?
Wait. my daughter.
Calm down.
What is wrong with
me? Tell me. Sadi Kadin.
Ya Ilahe...
You are the Owner of the seven floors of
ground. the seven floors of sky. and all realms.
You are the One Who
opens the conquest of hearts.
These soldiers. these brave Alps. are entrusted
to loyal servants that seek Your pleasure.
O. my Allah. Who gives
the love of battle to hearts.
Make their swords sharp
and their intentions pure.
Cover the heavens
over them like armor.
Every conquest comes from You.
Every conquest leads to You.
Walk with them. so
they may walk with You.
May You grant them victory.
Aameen.
My Bey.. Where have you been?
I've been looking for you everywhere.
What happened this time. Halil?
Osman Bey has gathered the
council. Everyone is waiting for you.
May it be good. I heard that Osman Bey
Is going to make an important decision.
But I don't know
what it is about.
The enemy is at our door.
Bursa lies in wait.
And we keep meeting here instead of
fighting against the enemy at the front.
We keep bothering our Osman Bey.
We make him repeat his
words over and over again.
While we are
wasting time here...
many Yarhisars will fall.
Selamun aleykum.
Ve aleykum selam.
Thanks to Allah.
This time you've made it to the council
before Osman Bey arrives. Orhan Bey.
Attention! Osman Bey!
-Selamun aleykum.
-Ve aleykum selam.
You may sit.
With Almighty Allah's 99 names. Who says "Be".
and it is. and fills our heart with faith...
I am starting our council.
What i1s the
situation in Yarhisar?
Tell me.
Yarhisar being in the hands of the enemies
cast a dark shadow over our council.
Don't worry. Avci Bey.
That dark shadow is
now over Temurtas.
He will understand that
Kayi is not like other Beylics.
When has Kayi ever given up on taking
its revenge that it would give up now?
If we are here today. it's
because we know when to attack.
Sahinshah Bey.
You get excited with every
conquest and excite all of us.
You are very quiet now.
The excitement inside me is prevented
by our martyrs in Yarhisar. my Bey.
I know your heart burns too.
I am asking if thereis a
Bey who can put out this fire.
There is.
In Kayi. we will always
have soldiers and Beys.
Don't you know that we will not leave Yarhisar. taken by
my father. to that treacherous Temurtas Sahinshah Bey?
InshaAllah. this time you will
not act on your own. Orhan Bey.
Since you don't want
Orhan Bey to act on his own...
then we will follow
his word from now on.
What do you mean. my Bey?
I am chasing a dream.
I see the plane tree rising
from my chest as my RedApple.
I have shed many tears. I shed the
blood of my enemies without getting tired.
I remembered the words of
our glorious Prophet (PBUH)..
The prosperity of the world
lies on the back of a horse.
That's why I did not
give up on this way
My Beys. the
elderly of my tribe...
Those who do not have
dreams cannot have a future.
I have seen that the one who
sees my dream as his own...
who cares for his
land instead of the chair...
Is Orhan Bey.
For this reason.
Orhan Bey.
now you are granted the
seal of my father Ertugrul Ghaz.
Thanks to Allah. you are live.
While you are leading
us. we don't need a regent.
It is not regency son.
It is the handover of the beylic and
the throne from me to my son Orhan.
People are born to die.
A Bey should know
how to abdicate...
just like he
sits on the chair.
Hear me.
Orhan Bey is now
what I have been so far.
Osman Bey. the greatest of
the great and the mighty ghazi.
I'd die for you.
I'd stop wherever
you tell me to stop.
However. I don't want this chair
like this under these circumstances.
-What are you saying. Orhan Bey?
-I'm saying...
If all the beys don't
pledge loyalty to me here
I won't want this beylic.
There should be
no struggle of power.
Now tell me.
Is there anyone who
doesn't want me to the bey?
Is there?
There isn't. Orhan Bey.
-There isn't. my Bey.
-There isn't.
There isn't my Bey!
You're talking like
Brunet Osman. Orhan Bey.
Struggle of power would
collapse the chair. You're right.
And receive what you deserve.
This sword. handed over from my ancestor Suleyman
Shah to my grandfather Ertugrul and from him to you.
IS NOW mine.
I will hold this gift more
important than my life...
and protect it for the peace and
the order of Kayi and all Oghuz people.
For the record.
As long as I keep this sword. we
will spend no days without conquest.
May Allah help me.
My beylic shall prosper
with you and prevail.
-Aameen.
Now you have the authority for
the hunt and assembling the council.
As you command. my Bey.
You have the command
now. Orhan Bey
May your beylic be
blessed. Orhan Bey.
Thank you. brother.
May your kin prosper and grow bigger.
May your beylic be blessed. Orhan Bey.
Thank you.
You have the
command and the order.
May Allah make it mubarak.
Thanks
May your beylic be
blessed. Orhan Bey.
May it be blessed. my Bey.
Thank you
-May it be blessed. my Bey.
-Thank you.
Oh my dear...
Let me check your foot.
It's better now thanks
to you Fatma Hatun.
Fatma Hatun.
Esma. take this.
Yes. Yigit Bey?
You are the heal of this tribe Fatma
Hatun. You cure everyone's wounds.
-Astaghfirullah.
-You do. You do.
I'm fine thanks to you.
And I have been
waiting to talk to you.
This is not a good
time. Yigit Bey.
When is the good
time. Fatma Hatun?
Something comes up every time.
Words stick in my throat.
And I can t talk to you.
I want to give you a gift.
What's that supposed
to mean. Yigit Bey?
This is my gratitude for you.
You saved my life.
I owe you.
A man should pay
his debt. I can t forget.
I made it myself. For you.
I didn't save you from death
to make you feel indebted.
0 People of Kay!
From now on. Orhan Bey
will sit on the chair of Kayi!
For everyone's information!
O people!
Halime. From now on. Orhan Bey
will sit on the chair of Kayi!
May it be blessed for all of us.
Finally. I knew it.
Orhan Bey will be
worthy of his position.
May it be mubarak for all of us
I thought Osman Bey
would rule for longer
Osman Bey is who he is because he doesn't
make decisions according to expectations.
Malhun Hatun. you
don't seem surprised.
Did you know before?
Why are you so curious. Didar?
Do you have something to say
against Osman Bey's decision?
Estaghfirullah.
May 1t be blessed. May
Allah make it mubarak
Congratulations. Nilufer Hatun.
-Be happy. You look thoughtful.
-I'm happy.
Not because my
husband got the title.
But because the chair was given to someone
who can carry his dreams after Osman Bey.
For Kayi. For all Turkmen.
For the Islam world I'm happy.
You should be happy too.
If you can.
May it be blessed. my Bey.
O my son! Hear me.
From now on. we may be
angry and you should fix.
We may make mistakes
and you should correct them.
We may break and
you should repair.
If I break my promise. the soil
shall be watered with my blood.
You have the sword
now. Orhan Bey
You should decide who
will have what positions.
My rule as well as
my beylic has fallen.
Your rule and beylic will neither
fall nor stays on the ground...
even If the sky
collapses; my Bey.
You have the sanjak
I'm just the hand holding it up.
As to the new
positions of my Beys.
I will consider and declare
during the sword-girding ceremony.
Let everyone know then.
For the beylic ceremony. all the beys
of Kayi will gather in Sogut tomorrow.
Save the prisoners.
Stay back. stay back.
-Come on. come on.
-Move.
Come on. come on.
-May Allah be pleased with you.
-Thank you.
You're running off. huh?
What belongs to
Kayi will stay with Kayi.
First. we must
tear off these rags.
It is not enough to
just tear them off.
We must clean this
castle from top to bottom.
Their filthy smell has
spread everywhere.
Come on!
I caught these two while
they were running away.
Just kill them.
Wait!
They will go and give
the news to their owner.
You will go to Temurtas and
tell him what happened here.
You will say that the Kayis
never forget what is done to them.
Go now! Go!
I will shoot arrows
behind you. It s coming'
The arrow is going to hit you!
Once Temurtas hears what
happened. he will lose his mind.
Let him get mad!
Let's celebrate our victory!
Allah is the Greatest!
May it be mubarak. my Orhan.
Keep praying for me. mother.
If we received victory after victory today.
it is thanks to your brotherhood and unity.
Let me kiss your hand mother.
As long as this brotherhood continues. our cause
will spread to our descendants for centuries.
To spread our thousand year
old goal. a new era will begin now.
Fatma You go to Sogut
and start making preparations.
In the place where we have
taken root. on the lands touched
by the breath of Sheikh Edebali.
there will be a sword-girding ceremony.
We will set out right
away then. brother
We will first distribute food to the
people and give their gifts today.
Mother... You start
gathering the tribe.
We will migrate from here.
Where will we go. Orhan?
It is difficult to protect the Turkmens
who come from all sides separately.
To stay tog ther. we will move to
the tribe on the summer pasture.
We are going to the borders
of Bursa. It is very close to it.
This will make it easier to keep security and also
speed up our preparations for the conquest of Bursa.
You have thought well. my son. We
will start the preparations immediately.
Sogut wi I be
entrusted to my Fatma.
Long live Orhan Bey!
-I have good news. my Bey. Yarhisar is
Osmanogqullari's property again. -Thanks to Allah.
Halal to those valiants.
I have another news.
According to the information I
received from our spies in Iznik...
Iznik's Lord has started
making preparations for the taxes.
He should. You also make
your preparations. Halil.
We are now wearing
the shirt of fire.
Hear 0. herd of infidels
Is it easy to take
Kayis' lands?!
Keep yelling.. Keep yelling...
You will draw the Mongols here.
I wish I could!
Instead of dealing with them one by one. we will
attack them all and cut them down with our swords.
Stop talking about Mongols...
Who has the
sanjak? Let's plant it.
Those who did not hear
AbdurRahman's voice must all know.
They must see that
Yarhisar belongs to Kay1!
-I always carry it with me!
-Excellent.
People will live in peace
under this sanjak InshaAllah.
InshaAllah.
Allah-u Akbar!
Orhan... How long
have you been there?
I can go if you want.
Don't go...
What happened to you?
The Sultan of my heart...
My pearl. my coral...
My heart lights up in
the darkness of your hair.
The crescent of my horizon.
your eyes are the spring of my life.
Whenever clouds cover
them. it turns into winter.
What happened to you? Tell me.
I don't have any problems...
You became the Bey... This is the happiest...
Nilufer Hatun.
Orhan...
It's actually not something bad.
Why aren't you telling me then?
I...
-I am so scared.
-What are you scared of. my beautiful wife?
I am pregnant. Orhan.
I am pregnant.
Why are you telling
me this with fear?
Ever since I heard it. I
have been really worried.
I can't help it.. I am even
scared of being happy about it.
After my Kasim.
we lost two children.
-What if... -Don't be afraid.
Nothing will happen.
Look...
I achieved my goal today.
You did. I had no doubt.
You should not have any
doubts. Don t be afraid.
Nothing bad will happen.
Allah saw our pain...
and rewarded us.
He accepted our prayers.
You are my family that has brought
me to this position with your shadow.
We will raise our child.
Our wish will grow.
Sisters!
Fatma...
Stop.
You.
Should we take him down.
Fatma Hatun®? He won't stop
Stay out of it.
It's destiny. Fatma Hatun.
It's me again.
What are you doing here.
merchant? Are you crazy?
Do not stand in my way.
Or I will make you move.
I should not cause
you problems...
He is injured.
You got injured again!
Who did this to you?
Where were you?
You have not forgotten it...
It stops the bleeding.
You should learn.
You will keep getting
injured with this impudency.
Alps. He is badly
Injured. He passed out.
Take him to Sogut. to
the healing tent come on!
He should not die in our hands
Come on!
We wasted too much time.
Tomorrow is Kayi's biggest day.
There will be a sword girding
ceremony for Orhan Bey.
We have a lot to do. We will start making
preparations without missing a thing.
Come on! Get ready!
Come on!
Daughter-in law!
Come. come.
Sit down.
I sometimes watch
the view like this.
Just watch. What do you see?
My eyes see tents.
If you ask about my heart.
it sees the fears and
sorrow of the exhausted people.
Yet I see one more thing.
Unbreakable hope.
That's it. It's exactly what
I want you to see. Nilufer.
If you look with your
eyes. you see the crowd.
If you look with your heart.
you see a nation.
Today is the beginning of
your reign. Nilufer Hatun.
My son Orhan...
will sit on his
father's chair.
And you will be
the mother of Kayi.
Now you aren t only a bride.
but also the breath of Kayi.
the face of the state.
the guide of the
girls in the tribe...
and the sharer of
your husband's burden.
Thank you. Malhun Hatun.
As long as I keep breathing.
I will back up Orhan.
I know that. But I want
you to know this too.
The beylic is such a fire...
that there are plenty
of flames and challenges.
You shouldn't walk in this
path only with love and heart ..
But also with strength.
dignity and patience.
Daughter-in-law.
My anger wasn't
for hurting you...
but for preparing you for
the challenge of this state.
May Allah not let
me fail. mother.
My girl. I'm always here.
I will keep being your companion
and sharing your burden.
We. mothers. exist
to make others live.
I'm carrying a
wish inside me now.
As I keep growing it.
I will grow the
people you trust me for.
May our wish be the same
with the wish of the state.
Take this as a gift from me.
You shall always remember
the burden you carry...
and the trust this
state shows for you.
-We have a busy agenda. my Bey.
-Let me take a breath first.
I sent a message to
all the beys. my Bey.
Everyone will attend the
sword-griding ceremony tomorrow.
I want no mistakes
Everyone expects us to
stumble. I want no troubles.
With Allah's permission. you will
help this nation rise again. my Bey.
Now. I've got informed that the gold going from
Iznik to the emperor will hit the road tomorrow.
A second issue. Temurtas got
furious because we captured Yarhisar.
He may attack any time.
He must be crying
out now. right?
And the dogs beside
him must be trembling.
However. I haven't shown
them yet what the real fear is.
We can't fight all those
enemies at the same time.
Our principle is
divide and destroy.
First. we will intimidate
Iznik helping Bursa.
As to Temurtas. we will give him the gold we
took from Iznik and keep him away for a while.
In the meantime. we won't
let any food enter Bursa.
InshaAllah. my Bey.
We need to reinforce the
alps. trade and the army.
They are exhausted.
We should give people hope.
I want to consult them.
After we repel the enemy. invite
people and the elders to my tent.
Every change brings
another problem. my Bey.
If we know the problem.
we can find the solution.
We will. Halil. With
Allah's permission. we will.
My Bey. you aren't happy
just because you got the chair.
I know you.
Nilufer Hatun gave
me the good news
I will have another child.
May your family
grow bigger. my Bey.
May Allah give
your child a long life.
Leave my son! Leave my son!
Halil.
I see and I know...
how it hurts you whenever
someone mentions a child.
I swear we will find your child.
And we will destroy
who made you suffer.
We will. my Bey
InshaAllah.
Turks have taken away
the breath of Bursa.
If aid doesn't arrive.
Bursa will be a
graveyard for all of us.
For this reason. you
have a holy mission.
You will send a message to Iznik.
Constantinople and even Vatican.
Tell them to help us.
Either they'll leave their warm
beds and we will fight together...
or Bursa will fall.
That won't be
good for them either.
Will they come for
help this time. sir?
They have to.
Because Bursa is the castle of
Rome and Christianity in Bithynia.
If Bursa falls.
Iznik will fall too.
So will Constantinople.
Make me proud.
The future of Bursa
depends on you.
Come on.
I told you they would go out.
You were right. Turahan.
So it's my duty to beat them.
You didn't say that. Temurboga.
I didn't exile your father. boys.
Your father and I played a trick.
Sit down.
You are the head of Kayi. But
I'm still the head of the family.
Kasim. Suleyman. come to me.
Bismillahirrahmanirrahim.
-Are you going somewhere. grandfather?
-No I'm here.
Why did you leave
the tribe to my father?
To be able to spend
more time with you.
There is still so much to
learn from your grandfather.
Well... I think...
you two should be my
new Boran and Cerkutay.
I will be Boran.
-No. I will be Boran.
I will be Boran!
My Allah! Why don't you
want to be Cerkutay. boys?
He shouldn t know about
this. He would be jealous!
As long as we stand united
like this. no troubles can harm us.
We want to give some more good news
to bring joy and fertility in this table.
Nilufer and I will
have another child.
Allah! I'm becoming an
elder brother second time!
You're being an elder
brother too. Kasim.
Good. We will
be a bigger family.
So we can share the
duties. right. brother?
Thanks to Allah. Another
child means another family.
May it bring happiness to our
tribe and bless to our house. son.
-Aameen.
May Allah give it
a long life. dear.
-Aameen. mother.
-May it be blessed. brother.
-Thanks. brother.
-May Allah give you healthy baby. Nilufer.
Thanks. Gonca. InshaAllah.
Uncle Alaeddin
Yes??
When will you have a baby?
When you have a baby. we
can't fit in this table. grandfather.
There is a time
for each child. dear.
That time will arrive
too. InshaAllah.
-InshaAllah.
Here we go.
Enjoy your meal.
Attack!
You're rusted. brother.
You say so. brother?
Catch up with me.
Orhan Bey's order is certain. The
only way to leave Bursa is to surrender.
We will even shoot
the flying birds.
Saroz!
You will either
surrender or die!
No!
Orhan! Orhan!
I swear on the tent on the
ground and the throne in the sky.
I am Sahinshah.
Kinik's honorable Bey.
To protect the future on these lands. the
honor and dignity I inherited from my father...
and to take what
belongs to me...
I will fight until my
last breath if necessary...
and I will
sacrifice my last Alp.
If I turn from my path. may the
dagger I cut my hair with stab my heart.
They act like you are not here.
They act as if
you never existed.
Nothing really hurts...
but my Yigit
uniting with them...
He is an Alp.
He must stand by his
Bey's. his Commander's side.
My heart is burning in flames...
but I am not saying a thing.
What makes me suffer is that...
Osman Bey does not say a
single thing when all this is happening.
Ah my Sahinshah..
You. the greatest heir of the
Seljuks. the mighty Bey of the Kinik.
The leader of the rebellion
against the Ilkhanids...
My wounded lion who
gave up himself for Kay..
Osman i1s taking your son from you when he can
even give the Beylic to you since you deserve it.
Is this what you deserve?
It's not Didar Hatun.
It's not.
Will you accept being sacrificed for his sons
by Osman Bey for whom you gave up everything?
I will accept it. but
they will understand.
And that day is not far.
How is the merchant?
He is still asleep.
Those who look at him
might think he is strong.
He passed out with
a dagger wound.
It looks like he
is not breathing.
-Call the doctor here!
-As you order. Fatma Hatun.
I am not dead. Don't be scared
Why would I be scared?
I don't care.
You were scared.
I heard everything
you said there.
-Look at me. you impudent man...
-Sure I'll look...
I'll look at you. but...
what I am seeing is
surprising. Fatma Hatun.
I didn't know you were cruel enough to point
your dagger at someone who is already wounded.
This is nothing. If you keep going
that far. you will then see my cruelty.
Speak now.
Who did this to you?
Their faces were covered.
I guess they were thieves.
But you should've
seen what I did to them.
I took a few of them down...
But there were many of them.
How did they leave you
with only one wound?
I left my goods behind and ran away
with my horse... You know the rest.
I am Allah's loved servant...
Since He let you find me.
I owe you my life Fatma Hatun.
Good.
We will get even in due time.
We will.
Sister!
Sister...
The doctor is coming.
You can shout if
you need something.
Thank you.
Come on!
Write it down. AbdurRahman'
It is four against four now'
Come on now!
Come on!
Come on! Stop waiting!
Write it down!
Half for Kanturali!
He poured half of it!
Drink water.
brother! Drink water!
Drink some water! Come on!
My valiant.. Brother...
We ran out of molasses but
they are still strong Cerkutay..
I will not give up!
MashaAllah to my valiant
Fill the cup! Fill it!
Cerkutay. look at him..
What is our brother looking at?
He might have seen the Azrael.
He is about to give the
trust back to its Owner soon.
Look at his eyes...
This molasses is really sweet...
MashaAllah to you!
You are the best among the
warriors. AbdurRahman brother.
This is not even my best!
I can even drink ten more cups!
AbdurRahman don't brother...
I can drink ten more...
Brother don't..
I finally found myself a rival.
You should compete
with me. brother.
Brother...
-We should attack the infidel with molasses...
-We should brother...
Kanturali. what are you
doing on the ground?
I am watching the
stars. Kara Hallil.
-Lift him up. -Come on brother.
Welcome. my Kara Halil.
Kara Halil. Where
is my Orhan Bey?
Why didn't he come?
Orhan Bey received two
good news In one day.
Therefore. he'll
stay with his family.
We know one of them.
But we don t
know the other one.
I cannot think properly..
Just tell us already!
Allah accepted prayers...
and my Bey will
have another child.
-MashaAllah!
-Hay MashaAllah!
This is really good news!
So another valiant will
join the other two. huh?
I feel sorry for
the infidels now...
Orhan Bey has
assigned duties for you.
I should tell you that first.
My Cerkutay Bey.
It is my Orhan Bey's order.
Tomorrow. you will
go to Iznik as an envoy.
You will tell the Lord of
Iznik that my Bey will go there.
I ll do as Orhan Bey says.
AbdurRahman. Kanturali...
Taxes will go to the
Emperor from Iznik tomorrow.
While my Bey draws all the attention when speaking with
the Lord. you will raid the caravan and take the gold.
Thanks to Allah.
Instead of seeing the ugly face of
that Lord. we will beat his soldiers!
Kara Halil.
Tell my Bey...
A suitable Hatun for our
AbdurRahman must be found. huh?
Watch your words. Kantural!
Watch your words...
It's because of the molasses...
Balaban. Dumrul. Come on.
There is no need for a cup!
What is he doing?
Didn't you have
something to do in the tribe?
Why did you come after me?
I did not want to
leave my sister alone.
Did I do wrong?
You did well.
-My mother knows. right?
-She does.
So... I heard you've
been saving lives.
First. Yigit Bey.. And
now that merchant...
I've been thinking about it
since that day in the river. sister.
You are trying to hide it but..
Who is that merchant? Tell me;.
Halime...
I don't know.. He was just
an injured merchant. Halime.
How would I know? I
don't know who he is.
Why are you asking
me these questions?
Kayi's girls admire Yigit Bey...
But Yigit Bey admires you.
The merchant also
admires you sister.
Everyone admires someone..
But I wonder who you admire.
You are too bad...
Once you notice
something. you keep insisting!
I never admired
someone and I won't!
But your face is telling me a different
story. sister. You are blushing already.
Enough!
I'll go to sleep. And you will go to
the tribe early in the morning. Come on!
Good night.
Sister...
My mother is still looking for
grooms. you know that right?
If you love someone...
Have a good night sister.
I tried everything.
Everything.
Gonca.
My Gonca.
What are you doing. my dear?
For years.
I've placed my
hope on these herbs.
It's over.
See? I burned them all.
I've left no maybes
for me. Alaeddin.
My gazelle eyed wife.
Pretty-faced wife.
My life.
A child is a gift
from Allah. hatun.
We accept whatever
our fate is. huh?
Not you. I will.
I will accept.
You are Osman Bey's son.
It's your duty to continue
your blood. Alaeddin.
What do you mean?
There is no you and me.
hatun. There is only us.
Nothing else just us.
Nothing else.
Don't upset yourself anymore.
Stop upsetting yourself. Gonca.
Alaeddin. I thought too much...
I resisted. Alaeddin.
I always resisted.
Well... I always hoped.
But no.
There are no other options.
What do you mean”?
Malhun Hatun told Didar Hatun...
to find someone who
can give baby to you.
What?
How so?
How could my mother do this?
-Oh mother! Oh mother
-I accept this.
I accept this.
What are you
talking about. Gonca?
-Avci Bey's daughter.
-And?
Colpan. She is suitable for you.
Enough
Look at me. Look!
Did we swear for
love In vain. hatun?
Alaeddin. don't do this
Have we fought so far in vain?
Don't. Don t.
Gonca. my dear. No.
I don't want to hear such
things from you again.
-Never.
-Alaeddin.
What would change
if I said alright?
What would change. Alaeddin?
Tell me.
Would my fate
change then? Tell me.
You have the right to have a baby. Alaeddin.
What would change if I said alright?
Enough Gonca.
Stop crying. Please.
-Don't do this.
-Please.
I don't want to hear
that again hatun
I don't want to hear that again.
Forgive us. Temurtas.
We made a mistake.
Spare our lives. Mighty Temurtas.
Please forgive us.
Thos who surrendered
Yarhisar to Orhan's alps...
have no place beside me!
Pigeon has brought a
message. Governor Temurtas.
Orhan offers a deal.
He attacked Yarhisar
and killed my nokers.
How could he offer a
deal with no shame?
Send your messengers. Orhan.
I will have a nice
deal with them.
I will change the fate you
determined for my people.
Are you available. Akcora?
I will kill my biggest enemy
thanks to you. Fatma.
Akcora?
Come in.
What is it?
What are you grinning for?
I see the angel
who saved my life.
How can I not smile?
You're exaggerating.
Your wound wasn't so serious.
I'm just a tradesman.
That wound was too much for me.
You are so fragile.
You aren't ke any other
women I have ever seen.
Women are fragile
and weak. but you...
You are strong.
You say you met many women?
I sell fabrics. you know.
That's why. There
were no other reasons.
I don't have a fiancee or
anyone else waiting for me.
I didn't ask you.
I didn't come to ask about people waiting
for you but people who attacked you.
Fatma Hatun. Orhan Bey
and Osman Bey are here.
What's happening in Bursa?
Orhan found and
destroyed the tunnels.
Nobody can enter or
leave Bursa anymore.
People are starving to death.
What do you say?
Should we recruit an
army and attack Orhan?
We have to. Lord Leon.
If Bursa falls. Iznik will fall.
Iznik is the gate opening
to Constantinople.
Who could stop Turks then?
We need to help Bursa.
My Lord. Orhan Bey's
messenger wants to see you.
Wow. wow. wow.
Have a good day. Lord Leon.
I've brought the regards and greetings
for Orhan Bey. the courageous Bey of Kay|.
Let's get to know each
other. Who are you?
I'm just Cerkutay.
who became a Turk
while a Mongolian.
who found peace in Islam and
who is Orhan Bey's messenger now.
Nice to meet you
I'm all ears.
Orhan Bey is going to come here.
Why?
He will check your eyebrows
eyes and your unlovely...
I mean your pretty face spreading
love around and your pulse...
and make a decision.
What decision?
I don't know. My Bey knows.
But I know this.
Orhan Bey must be
treated well and nicely.
If he doesn't get pleased.
it won't be
good for you at all.
I should go now.
Also. Orhan Bey wants to see...
the prominent
noble men of Iznik.
-What for?
-For.
You can ask Orhan Bey.
I will miss this.
This excitement.
-My children beside me..
-Not so fast. We have yet to enter Bursa together.
Here we go.
-Welcome to our capital city. my Bey.
-Thanks. girl.
Brother Orhan. Brother Alaeddin.
Our capital city for now.
You came a long way. Get some
rest. We prepared a table for Beys.
Well done. girl.
What's the situation?
Is everything alright?
No problem. brother
A bandit attacked a
tradesman and wounded him.
Is he alright? We
can check his wound.
Doctors took care of him.
I as-signed some
alps to find the bandit.
Well done. Let's
go to the council.
Well... You go.
Father.
Are you not coming?
Now you are to rule the
councils and give orders. son.
I will do my part.
Chat with people.
As you order.
-Long live Osman Bey.
-Thanks. thanks. How are you doing?
-Welcome. my Bey.
-Thanks. How are you doing?
-Thanks.
-Osman Bey. welcome.
-Long live Osman Bey!
-Are you fine?
Why did you cut the hair you've been
growing for ten years. Sahinshah Bey?
Wasn't it the mark
of your victories”
You are right. my
Bey. You are right.
When I first found Osman Bey. it had been burned
In the last battle we fought against the Ilkhanids.
Now I will start again with you.
May Allah grant us another ten years of
fighting side by side and growing it again.
-Aameen.
-Aameen
My Beys. Let s talk
about your duties.
I have put my brother Alaeddin in charge of
making all the state institutions work properly.
But in the lands where we live together with the
Oghuz tribes. we will first build our unity with you.
Sahinshah Bey.
You are responsible for checking
and strengthening the fortresses.
Avci Bey. You are responsible for the order
of the summer and winter fields of the tribes.
Wherever you believe we can be
useful. that is where we will be. my Bey.
Just order us. my Bey.
My first command is for my
brother Alaeddin and Sahinshah Bey.
Your duty will be to make peace with the dog
called Temurtas until the right time comes.
My Bey... Temurtas is very angry
after what you did in Yarhisar.
Alaeddin and Sahinshah
Bey will handle it. Avci Bey.
You will support
them with your Alps.
They will make him an
offer he cannot refuse.
As for the other Beys...
Orhan became the Bey of Kay|.
There will be a ceremony In
Sogut. What are we going to do. sir?
Osman will die tonight.
With my poisonous arrow.
As he killed my father ..
I will kill him.
Blood for blood.
Therefore. Bursa will be saved.
Sir. we don't have
enough men with us.
What if you get caught?
Then I'll go to heaven
But death will find
Kayis today. not me
If I cannot complete
what I start...
you will finish it for me.
You are the last
warriors of Bursa.
Welcome..
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
My Bey welcome.
Ghazi Ahmed. How are you?
Thank you. I am
praying for your health.
I heard that you want the veteran
relief to be taken away from you.
I just have my life. my Bey.
And it will be full with one bite.
Send that aid to Bursa...
to those at the front.
No... You deserve that.
Just pray...
For the existence of our
nation and our dreams...
keep praying.
I am always praying.
I am praying for you. and your son Orhan
who is now sitting on the chair of Beylic.
Your son Orhan has
the foresight of Sultans
InshaAllah he will be the hope of
poor Turkmens who do not have a state.
Thank you Ghazi. Thank you.
Slow down!
I didn't see you. my Hanim.
Forgive me.
Go and do your job. Go.
Father!
Father... The
ceremony will begin now.
Come on then.
-Safely. Ghazi. -Thank you.
Attention! Osman Bey!
Long hive Osman Bey!
Thank you. Long live Osman Bey!
Long live Osman Bey!
Long live my Bey!
-Long live my Bey!
-Thank you. Thank you.
In the past. my father Ertugrul
Ghazi received the symbols of Beylic...
for his Beylic from
the Sultan of Konya.
Now those symbols will
be given to Orhan Bey.
Bring the tails of the Beylic!
May you always keep
this tail raised. my son.
Come on. give the sanjak to him.
The sanjak represents
the honour of a state.
Fly it with honour. -Aameen.
-Aameen.
Give the Quran.
Do not stray from the justice of the Quran.
do not deviate from its path. my son.
Beat the drums
Let the drums be
heard on the battlefield!
Let the voices of the Alps
echo saying "Allah Allah."
-Aameen.
Bring the horse with
the silver armour!
The victory destined for us
will be achieved on horseback.
May your victories be mubarak. son.
Aameen
Beys. sisters... Our
laws tell us that...
Beylic can only be
given with these symbols.
Now the new owner
of them is Orhan Bey.
As you know. rulers
wear golden crowns.
But I turned my
shroud into a crown.
May you follow this custom. son.
Everyone should know that...
now Orhanis in
Osman Bey's place.
Orhan is what Osman is.
He is even beyond that.
-Long live Orhan Bey!
Kayi's warriors. sisters...
The companions of my grandfather
Ertugrul. my father Osman...
Their friends...
The trust is great.
The burden is heavy.
The way is long. time is short.
And the duty is difficult.
They have left the Oghuz. who have existed with
their states for a thousand years. without a state.
They want to ruin their
union and take their lands.
I am saying this
to all of them...
Turks cannot live
without a state...
cannot live
without a homeland...
and cannot live
without the azan!
Allah is the Greatest.
While all the Beylics bow to the Ilkhanids.
the last support of the Turks is Kayi.
Its final jihad is tomorrow.
Long live Orhan Bey!
BismillahirRahmanirRahim.
Help from Allah and an imminent
victory Give good news to the believers.
For the conquest of
good. for the defeat of evil...
for the continuation
of our victories...
for the pleasure
of Allah. Al-Fatiha!
Bring the ram!
-Allah is The Greatest.
-Allah is The Greatest...
There is no diety
except Allah...
and Allah is The Greatest. Allah is
The Greatest and for Allah is all praise.
Allah is The Greatest. Allah is The Greatest... There
IS no diety except Allah. and Allah is The Greatest.
Allah is The Greatest
and for Allah is all praise.
Allah is The Greatest. Allah is The Greatest. There
is no diety except Allah and Allah is The Greatest.
Allah is The Greatest
and for Allah is all praise.
Read the surah As-Saf!
I seek refuge in Allah
from the outcast Shaitan.
In the name of Allah. the Most
Merciful. the Most Compassionate.
O believers' Shall I guide you to an exchange
that will save you from a painful punishment?
Have faith in Allah
and His Messenger...
Allah'a ve Res.
and strive in the cause of Allah
with your wealth and your lives.
That is best for
you. if only you knew.
He will forgive your sins. and admit
you into Gardens under which rivers flow.
And splendid homes in
the Gardens of Eternity.
That is the ultimate triumph.
That i1s the ultimate triumph
Another favour that you long for.
Help from Allah and an imminent victory.
Give good news to the believers
Allah Almighty speaks the truth.
Beat the drums!
May Allah not let you fail. son.
May your fight be mubarak forever
Aameen. father.
Today you will suffer
losing a father. Orhan.
May Allah not let
you fail. Orhan Bey.
For my father
-We're under attack! Father!
-My daughter!
-Shield formation! Shield formation!
-Watch out!
-Shield formation!
Fatma!
-Fatma!
Fatma. are you alright? He's
inside that building! Catch him!
Move! Hurry.
Are you alright. sister?
Bring the healer immediately!
Bring the healer quickly!
-Get up! Get up.
-Make a mistake and you die.
Mercy! I'm a poor beggar.
-I didn't do anything.
-If you are lying...
How did you get that coat?
A man threw it
on me and ran off.
I don't know who he is.
Which way did he go? Speak.
I don't know. Forgive me.
Get up!
Take this man.
We should be sure
that he s telling the truth.
Move move.
Our men failed. sir.
They all died.
It shouldn't have
happened like that!
happened like that.
They closed the gates of
Sogut. They're holding the exits.
We have to get you
out of here quickly.
Poison.
Fatma..
Osman didn t die. But you
gave them a hard punch.
His daughter Fatma will
have died by the evening.
Fatma .. Do they
know she got poisoned?
Oh my dear.. What
have you done?
Father. this wound won't
kill me. Stop looking like that.
Look. Children shouldn't
become a shield for father.
Don't do that again. alright?
My dear father. How
could I just watch?
You have a big heart. my dear.
If you even get hurt slightly.
my heart will be
broken into pieces.
You can go back to our
tribe. You got tired here.
Well... Alright.
Are you alright. sister?
This wound is good. You're
all trying to take care of me.
She s fine. brother.
MashaAllah. She's on fire. see?
We will find out who did this.
Alps are looking for
that demon everywhere.
It's a demon. after all. There
are enemies everywhere.
Be careful.
We will be. father.
With your permission.
I'm leaving for Iznik.
State business can't wait.
-Stay safe.
-Stay safe. son.
An innocent angel.
Sir.
Is it the antidote?
Will you save her?
Find them!
We have to go. sir. If we don't
go now. your life will be in danger.
Alaeddin Bey.
With what gold
will we pay the tax?
A Bey's business is
secret. Sahinshah Bey.
Is it secret from us too?
It seems so. huh. Sahinshah Bey?
Come on. Avci Bey!
Father.
Be cautious.
Don't worry. girl.
Bismillahirrahmanirrahim.
Have a safe journey
Alaeddin Bey.
-EyvAllah. Come on!
-Come on!
Fatma...
The poison is taking effect.
Fatma Hatun. are you alright?
I'm fine. Yigit
Bey. It's alright.
You fool. Go help her.
Sisters!
Prepare salty ayran or sherbet
with honey. Whatever is good for her!
I said I'm fine.
You should be fine. always.
I don't know. I saw
you like that and...
I am...
I'm a bit tired. I should go.
Hold on. Fatma.
-Hold on.
-Fatma Hatun.
You always run away from me.
You can do the same now.
But...
Take this.
I owe you a life.
So I made this myself for you.
Take it.
Alright. I take it.
This was the last one. though.
With this. your debt is paid.
Excuse me now.
It can never be paid.
Alps.
Let nobody in. Close the door.
Fool.
Time is ticking.
Fool!
Damned Turks.
They trapped us.
They are watching every
step and every breath we take!
There are no grains of
wheat left in the silos. sir.
-If aid doesn't arrive..
-It will!
It will! I will find a
way to ask for help.
Flavius may be
our salvation. sir.
If Flavius is here for us
with his mind and heart.
He might seek vengeance
for his brother and father.
I hope he won't.
People are uneasy.
Some even think
about surrendering.
Surrender? Vile dogs!
We ve fought for
Bursa for years.
How could they
think of surrendering?
Look Magnus.
Tell them. Magnus.
Even If it brings death to me.
I won't surrender Bursa.
I won't lose this
battle against Orhan.
As you order.
Where the hell are you. Flavius?
Where the hell are you?
I owe you a life.
I will pay my debt. Fatma.
Hold on.
Fatma. Fatma.
Fatma? Fatma? Fatma?
Fatma.
You are a strong woman.
Come on Fatma. Come on.
Jesus Christ.
Save her life. please.
Please.
Attention. Orhan Bey!
I salute you on
behalf of Great Rome.
Welcome to Iznik.
I salute you. brave soldiers
defending their homeland.
My Lord is awaiting you.
However. you and your soldiers
leave your swords outside.
We re here to fight with our
words. Let's not break any hearts.
Please accept th
gifts we brought for you.
Wow. wow. I didn't know
Iznik was richer than Bursa.
-Look at thos chests.
-Look how he stares!
Look at his eyes! Opening
wide when he sees the chests.
We aren't taking the chest
for ourselves. You know that?
I have nothing to do
with the gold and silver.
busy moustache.
What do you apply on your
moustache? It looks so thick.
We're here for the
duty not for the fun. alps!
Be ready.
-They're approaching.
-Let's go.
Archers.
Come on!
Come here. come here!
Bey of Kayi. Protector
of the Frontiers.
The head of all Turkmen!
Orhan Bey. son of
Ghazi Osman Bey.
I salute you. people
of Iznik and Lord.
I'm all ears. Orhan Bey.
It seems you aren't
pleased with my visit.
How should I treat someone..
Who besieged Bursa. detained people
there and made them starve to death?
In a friendly way.
Friendly. huh?
Whenever we become
friends with you...
we always get in
trouble. Orhan Bey.
The famous Turk
scholar Mevlana says.
Yesterday stays in yesterday. my dear.
Today is the time to speak new things.
That's why I am here.
The people of Iznik...
As you know. we are
In a war with Bursa.
We became enemies with Bursa
although we were friends before. Why?
Because the Lord of Bursa...
rejected the friendly
hand we extended.
Instead they attacked us.
They raided our caravans.
They have I ft us no
option other than war.
Orhan Bey... Why are you
telling these tales to us?
For me. friendship
is really important.
That's why I came here.
And now I've made a decision.
Now you are my friend.
Have you made that
decision on your own?
Although it is my friendship?
I can choose both my friends and my enemies
on my own. I haven't seen any harm in it.
You didn't come all this
way for nothing. did you?
I want to hear your offer.
I hear you are preparing to
help Bursa. Bursa will fall soon.
What does that mean? How?
Silence!
You will not interfere in this
matter. no soldiers no supplies.
Otherwise. as Bursa
falls it will fall upon Iznik.
I guess you haven't noticed the
walls surrounding Iznik. Orhan Bey.
They will never let anyone pass.
The moment you step outside
the gate. we will be everywhere.
You cannot leave or trade.
nothing will be possible for you.
I say you stay out
of the Bursa issue...
and I will open
the ways for you.
Trade freely.
Live freely in your city.
Do not condemn your people
to hunger and poverty like Bursa.
You speak as if Bursa is yours and you can
take Iznik whenever you want. Orhan Bey.
People of Iznik. I came here
to extend a hand of friendship.
You are all my witnesses. I ask
once more In front of all of you.
Will help go to Bursa or not?
Half of Iznik can be
bought with this gold.
Allah we can buy the
whole Iznik with this gold...
but we need to
think. of course.
You should not think. Dumrul. Your walnut sized
brain is not very good at thinking.
Look...
What happened? Aren't you
strong enough. you skinny man?
The backs of the Byzantine
infidels must be strong.
How did they load this
much gold onto this cart?
All those you called strong are
now lying on the ground. Balaban.
-You are right. -Come here.
Look at me!
If you ever insult me
again. I will beat you badly.
We should not waste
our time on the road.
Let's get ready.
Dumrul! Balaban!
You go to Orhan Bey and
give him the good news.
-You.
-We are not going to wander around with this gold.
We will do as Orhan Bey told us.
Byzantium will never
bow down to Turks.
Byzantium will bring your end.
Many Commanders who stood against
us are now buried under the ground.
Many castles fell.
Many mothers. many
lovers. many warriors suffered.
Bursa is still there.
I am a patient man. Lord.
Never You don t know what
is going to happen to you!
I don t know what i1s going to
happen to me. But Iznik will fall on you.
This conversation is over!
Nothing is over until I say so!
Listen to me carefully.
I extended my hand
to you. but you refused.
Everyone here witnessed it.
So do not blame me for anything!
When that day comes...
I will give everything
you have to your people!
I will free all of them!
People of Iznik! Whoever takes refug in my
land. their lives and goods will not be touched!
Whoever takes refuge under my
sanjak will practice their religion freely!
Whoever entrusts
his life to me...
will be protected
by me forever!
But...
whoever stands by him...
will be among
the ones who lose.
Safely.